Want a more immersive MTR mod experience with more functional entities and blocks? Soughing for more functional facilities found in the real life MTR to be included in your world? Then you're in the right place to discover the true ability of Joestu Client Mod!

In Country of Joestu, we strive to bring quality and intriguing experience to visitors via quality railway and optimization of mods. The Joestu Client Mod addon is specially tailored made for Country of Joestu with exclusive blocks and functions that will bring the experience of Minecraft Transit Railway Mod to another level! Providing different types of functioning in real life blocks such as enquiry machines and subsidy machines, you can easily add more fun side by side to MTR mod. You can also make your own station and server to stand out from others by using high-quality tailor made decoration blocks such as emergency help-lines, or even the famous East Rail Line "Headway countdown" and "Butterfly Light". Other features included in the mod are functional water-dispenser, highly detailed E44 Yellow Head box models and much more!

Joestu Client Mod is also compatible for other MTR mod servers and world, so that you can enjoy the immersive experience even outside Country of Joestu by a simple act of downloading the mod file attached below! To honoring the hard work of our staff members who has spent lots of time on creating such mod, a simple credit will be more than enough whenever you use the mod in your very own server or private world. If you are interested in enhancing the mod via modifications, please feel free to ask our staffs for permission and help, and we will be more than happy to offer the assistance to you, so as to make Joestu Client Mod a better mod for everyone to enjoy.

*Please bear in mind that both servers and clients must install the mod to ensure the mod functions normally.

## Download
- [Fabric 1.16.5](https://joban.org/JCM/1.0.0/joestu-client-mod-1.0.0.jar)