!!! tip "Hotfix available"
    A hotfix is available for this version, which usually fixes critical bug that may result in the game crashing/causing data losses.
    If you're looking to download this version, we strongly recommend downloading the [hotfix version](v1.1.4-hotfix-1.md) instead.

## Compatible MTR Version
MTR 3.1.0-unofficial-3 -> MTR 3.1.4

## Additions

* Updated to support Minecraft 1.19.2
* Version check has been added for JCM
* [MTR Stairs](../blocks/mtr_stairs.md) Block
* [KCR Station Name Sign (Station Colored)](../blocks/kcr_station_name_signs.md)
* PIDS Custom Preset (All RV PIDS & LCD PIDS):  - Configurable when right clicked with brush  - Default Preset: `door_cls_apg`, `door_cls_psd`, `door_cls_train`  - Allow configuration for Background, Fonts, Fonts Color, Clock & Weather Visibility (RV PIDS Only)  - Example Pack below
* New PIDS Variable:  `{weatherChin}` - Reports current world weather in chinese  `{worldPlayer}` - Current amount of player on the current world
* Subsidy Machine can now be configured  Right click with brush to configure the amount it discounts & timeout
* Fare Saver  Right click with brush to configure the amount it discounts

## Changes

* The config menu has been redesigned  Now has a panorama background, along with the ability to view logs.
* Forge users can now configure JCM in the mod menu.
* Some proprietary fonts has been replaced with other open fonts. 
* All client-side fonts options has been removed to allow more flexibility. 
* Textures has been optimized to improve memory performance.
* Some textures has been updated to give a better look.
* Newly placed JCM Poles will now extend if there's a slab on top.
* Weather icon on the RV PIDS has been slightly altered to reflect the real life look.
* Invisible Light Block is no longer a block entity.  This should result in a very minor improvements for servers.
* Hitbox on certain block is made larger for easier placing.

## Fixes

* The `{time}` variable on the RV/LCD PIDS now shows the correct time.
* On the LCD PIDS, the character "綫" can now be rendered normally

## Notes

* The optimized textures now allows Minecraft to have a higher Mipmap level than 1 If you feel the textures are very blurry after this update, please go to Video Settings and turn the Mipmap Level down to 1 or OFF.
* This is a relatively major update While we have tested this on our servers before releasing, we can't guarantee any data loss with other players.

## Downloads
- [PIDS Preset Example Resource Pack (For v1.1.4)](../../dev/pids/files/Joban_Custom_Resources.zip)
- [Fabric 1.19.x](https://joban.org/JCM/1.1.4/Joban-Client-Mod-fabric-1.19.2-1.1.4.jar)
- [Fabric 1.18.2](https://joban.org/JCM/1.1.4/Joban-Client-Mod-fabric-1.18.2-1.1.4.jar)
- [Fabric 1.17.1](https://joban.org/JCM/1.1.4/Joban-Client-Mod-fabric-1.17.1-1.1.4.jar)
- [Fabric 1.16.5](https://joban.org/JCM/1.1.4/Joban-Client-Mod-fabric-1.16.5-1.1.4.jar)
- [Forge 1.19.x](https://joban.org/JCM/1.1.4/Joban-Client-Mod-forge-1.19.2-1.1.4.jar)
- [Forge 1.18.2](https://joban.org/JCM/1.1.4/Joban-Client-Mod-forge-1.18.2-1.1.4.jar)
- [Forge 1.17.1](https://joban.org/JCM/1.1.4/Joban-Client-Mod-forge-1.17.1-1.1.4.jar)
- [Forge 1.16.5](https://joban.org/JCM/1.1.4/Joban-Client-Mod-forge-1.16.5-1.1.4.jar)